The
Kempo Rinpochets had dreamed for years of creating a retreat center in the beautiful Florida
countryside,
a place where Buddhists and others could engage in tranquil reflection, deep meditation,
and authentic retreat. That dream began to be a reality in 2014, when we found the land that
would become Palden Sherab Pema Ling, lotus land of glorious wisdom, named after Ven. Khenchen
Palden Sherab Rinpoche, who passed into Maha Parindirvana in 2010. A little over 10 acres with
a cypress grove, three pole barns and a house, and hundreds of trees, Ven. Khenchen Palden
Sherab Rinpoche saw what it could become. After careful planning and preparation,
we worked together to transform the property, tending to the cypress grove, planting hundreds
of new trees and shrubs, and creating a beautiful Buddha garden. Then we turned our attention to
the
central barn, converting it into a Buddhist temple, opening up the interior space, bringing in
natural
light, and enclosing the exterior to define the sacred space. We plan to unveil this beautiful
temple in early 2020, offering a new and unique home for the Buddha Dharma here in South Florida.
We welcome you to join us on this journey and to contribute to our efforts in whatever way
feels best for you. We hope that you will join us in celebrating the endless compassion
and loving-kindness of the Buddha.